# What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team

## 1. What are three key factors that contribute to psychologically safe teams?
Communication and empathy are two major factors that contribute to a feeling of psychological safety within a team. Communication is important for so many reasons. People like to feel seen and heard, they like to feel comfortable enough to express themselves. Empathy is important becuase it has to do with recognizing the emotions and feelings of others. When people feel comfortable and at ease, they will be more likely to contribute creatively and work together successfully. Another key factor that contributes to psychologically safe teams is the idea of keeping things in balance and taking turns. This can be modeled by allowing all team members to have a voice in discussions and decision making, ensuring all team members have equal input and leadership options.
## 2. Evaluate, with details, a previous professional setting (or team) you were in with regards to psychological safety.
I have two great examples of working on teams, one being very successful and one not. The team I currently work with managing AirBnBs is the best team I have been a part of professionally! I enjoy the energy we have working together. We can keep things professional but we also have fun and hang out on our personal time. I am not afraid to make a mistake, and I do not feel like I am being micro managed. I am constantly reminded of my value to the team overall and praised for my contributions! On the other hand, about a year ago I was part of a property management team handling traditional residential rental homes. This team did not have the same vibe at all. The pay was minimal and everything was driven down to the bottom dollar. As a company, the profits seemed to be the only thing that mattered. Communication was terrible. I did not feel comfortable speaking up with new ideas, and I was always afraid of making a mistake and being repremanded or embareassed in front of everyone. This dynamic made the work day stressful and unfulfilling. Even though on both teams I was doing basically the same job, the second team was much more draining. I did not want to attend work events and did not persue relationships with team mates outside of work.
## 3. What impact do teams that operate with a high degree of psychological safety have on their company and the team members?
Having a high degree of psychological safety can add to the effectiveness and overall success of a team and the company they work for. When working on a team where I feel comfortable with my peers, I am much more likely to express ideas and put in extra effort for solutions. Happy employees also talk about how much they love their job, which is basically free word of mouth! 

# Resources
- [What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team](https://web.archive.org/web/20221125192300/https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/28/magazine/what-google-learned-from-its-quest-to-build-the-perfect-team.html)<br>